Asian of gold perhaps part of a general
worldwide currency revaluation on an
overnight basis where the price will be
raised enough so that you know people
are happy to stay into the stay in the
future system and and take cash
settlement as Adrienne was suggesting
but they can pull some sort of force
majeure and shut down markets in certain
countries if if you don't have your own
gold secured and your own hands or you
know some safe of Altan in some safe
country you may be vulnerable to to this
but these are evaluations of gold these
revaluations of currencies they they
happen overnight
and they happen overnight for a reason
they don't want people to position
themselves in advance so that they can
profit from it unless you're talking
about the people who are the primary
dealers for the the Treasury Department
who will get the advance orders and the
advance word and they will be able to
position themselves
Goldman Sachs will get the call Morgan
Chase will get the call Barclays may get
the call but Bill Adrian and I and you
Eric will not get the call agree with
both aging and Chris I think it's just
my biggest thing it's going to be like
the Wild West out here at some point and
let's be very exciting but it's it's
going to be in some ways it'll be a bit
scary because of what they've created as
I keep saying if they created a monster
here and it's going to bite them as time
goes on
gentlemen I said that was the close but
very quickly for the gold share people
very good argument made by James Turk
that the gold shares were undervalued
and I thought that was excellent when I
had them on the air very recently just
very quickly each of you are we going to
see really an explosion in the gold
shares because there's still a lot of
fear there people are not really
believing we're still not having the
shares and at new highs are able to
reach new highs off the rebound even
though gold is obviously hitting new
highs hitting 12 and a quarter or so
recently the shares themselves have not
been able to get back that old peak
still a lot of fear there even though
they've played some kind of catch-up
do you think the shares will take off in
2010 is my question for you gentlemen
will
is with that let's start with you bill
yeah I think it's gonna become a mania
just like the internet stereo a while
back and it's a little tiny market
sector and though when the public comes
in here this years are going to go nuts
and they're way under there even the
goal produce people think this is
expensive gold they can't make money at
these prices the expenses have gone up
too much so yes it's going to be it's
going to be another part of the Wild
West Show when these shares really take
off
Adrian yeah and people will see the
metals move and will start to think that
they missed below the action and when
you look at the shares they'll see it's
pretty obvious they're missed any action
there and and the shares will very
quickly play catch-up to the to the
metal so yes I grew bill is going to be
a lot of money moving into the end of
the show Chris well the hu IR Gallup
above 500 briefly bakit I guess the
beginning of January and it's back down
to a 450 today that moved to 500 was
reflecting the gold price getting up to
$1200 I think the the shares have moved
with the gold price and they they will
move with the gold price when the market
is convinced that gold is going to stay
up at that that level that there are new
financial arrangements in the world that
there's just too much money in the world
and there's just too little too little
gold to fill all the paper contracts you
know the question of course with
everything and this too is is timing and
on the other hand I do suspect that
central banks are going to want some
inflation you know I think they're more
scared of deflation than inflation
central banks are created to inflate and
debase currencies and they can do it
just by you know getting off the gold
price so I don't think central banks
particularly the European Central Bank's
and the Chinese and other Asian central
banks are necessarily the enemies of
gold that central bank's used to be well
gentlemen in closing here let me just
have each of you plug your website so
Chris we obviously know with the you and
the globally listeners nogada org but
Adrian you have market force analysis
calm is that correct and can you
talk about your newsletter also yeah we
provided timing service which is covers
double colleges but mainly focused on
gold and silver to advise the investors
when to buy and when to sell if they are
interested in trading them up and Bill
you have lumetri poll cafe.com
or lamellar okay bad listeners if
they're interested or something about
they can look it up and sign up for a
two week free trial see if it's of
interest to them okay and I'll have
links to both of those sites on the on
the interview page so if anybody wants
to link into those they go right to the
interview page and take them over to the
Metropole cafe.com market force analysis
comm and of course georg is always link
there so gentlemen thank you so much for
this roundtable and for your thoughts on
2010 and the lawsuit that you've just
initiated thank you Eric Reiter thank
you for joining us at King World
news.com make sure to tune in next week
we will have more interviews with the
top people in the world